The LOGS directory
------------------
This directory contains various logs kept by the server 
according to settings in @tune and other options. The 
following logs may be found in this directory:

commands - The contents of this log will vary according to @tuned settings:
           If just @tuned log_guests is on, then the actions of only players
               set = GUEST will be logged in this.
           If @tune log_commands is on, then all valid actions on the MUCK 
               by any player will get logged to this file.
           If @tune log_failed_commands is on, then even invalid actions will
               get logged to this file.
           If @tune log_interactive is on, then input sent to the MUCK in the
               form of READ events will also be logged to this file.

connects - This file lists the connections to the muck and disconnections from
           it. It can be turned off via @tune log_connects.
           Connections made to the login screen are logged with: ACPT
           Connections made to players on the MUCK are logged with: CONN
           Any disconnect from the MUCK or login screen is logged with: DISC

programs - This log contains the program code saved by any non-wiz bitted 
           player that writes or edits any program. The text of the code is 
           saved when the player types 'q' to exit from the MUF editor. This 
           log can be toggled by @tune log_commands.

files    - This log keeps track of the use of the file prims. The prims used 
           and the files affected are logged, though the actual text read or 
           written to the files is not logged. It is toggled by @tune log_files.

sockets  - This file keeps track of the use of the socket prims. The prims 
           used and the descriptor they are used on is logged, though the 
           actual content sent or recieved by them is not logged. It is toggled
           by @tune log_sockets.

help     - This is a log when attempts to find something in one of the help  
           files do not return a result. The player, the help file they checked, 
           and the arguement they were searching for is logged. Or if the help 
           file does not exist, then a note is made to that affect. This is 
           toggled via @tune log_failedhelp.

restarts - This is just a log of when the restart script was run and who ran it. 
           It cannot be toggled.

muf-errors When the MUCK first starts up, it does a test compile on every MUF 
           on the MUCK. Any compilier errors are logged to the muf-errors file. 
           This log cannot be toggled.

ttyerr.log This is where various outputs from the MUCK server are sent when run
           in detached mode. This mostly includes the sanity check of the data 
           base at start up, and the opening of the ports as the muck starts up. 
           It also includes minor server bugs such as re-CLEAR() attempts in MUF 
           functions. This log cannot be toggled.

status   - This log keeps track of various status conditions and activities on 
           the MUCK. Frobbings, pcreates, shutdowns, startups, MUF code saves,
           data base dumps, incorrect commands when logged_failed_commands is 
           on, are all things that are logged to the status log. This log cannot 
           be toggled.

oldlogs  - This is a directory. At the time the MUCK restarts, part of the 
           startup script archives and stores the contents of the logs/ 
           directory. If you do not want archives of the logs directory
           kept (as this can become quite memory consumming), simply remove 
           this directory, and log archiving will not take place when the 
           MUCK starts up.
